congratulations we just got all the
bolts in the game we are done we're
going to acha lightly everything I still
have that's a dr. wily's we urge you
like please are you gonna buy car oh I
need wife though you know you by six
bolts worth of points and then they
always price things are only five bolts
yeah always leave I you hot dogs cause
advantages of eight while buns come in
packages of six yeah or something like
that some context is a seven it's crazy
oh well how do they bought bag that no
one no one understands it uses like a um
like a fractional dimensional baggage
system okay boys really support the
probing questions about our life and our
existence on this planet and it really
said here we go this is the section
everybody hates this is the one everyone
refers to because it is so stupid so
many of you yeah and there are so many
jumps that require momentum so many in
fact that you will reach the end of the
screen and you won't have time you know
step back the champion champion
and jumping sliding jump ooh
exciting and jumping sliding your junk
food plot in your kitchen starter
stumble hope I don't go go to tell the
label it's about this time you realize
this game really yeah yeah but basically
once I've actually found said I'll keep
you out you feel a little hand I've
never stage hi we just like this big
asian just like all right spend too much
time getting good at a cracking all
right i forgot to show off the shittiest
rush and carnage look at it go we'll get
it try to bomb things that i already
kill before the bombs drop it doesn't
even do a lot of damn it's just a thing
like it hit that big green thing it
didn't kill it you kill it in one hit it
does not this isn't this is the other
stage that whenever I was 11 I was
extremely pro at after like several
thousand tries because again I did not
know that the thunderclaw could be used
for hoops and apparently trouble is it
now
um and then there's there's the boss the
boss is good only boss in the game that
needs the mega ball to kill it emek and
but uh I kill him without it Wow okay go
on did you abused tornado hold yes yes
okay now you can see why this boss sucks
you have a random crap shoot unless
you're extremely good at practicing a
sparse or unless you know where to stand
that's pretty in it but luckily they
give you crates which always have weapon
energy so you'll never run out yes this
is supposed to be forgetting these apps
the green crates shoot missiles the
purple crates bouncing balls and there's
this thing the decoy if you hit it
accidentally it will drop down and shoot
shockwaves so are you just really good
at aiming the yeah or are you getting
lucky or is it just really easy in
general it's a combination of both I did
really really well with this boss I
gotta say cuz yeah you make it look kind
of easy exactly this this is a boss you
need a lot a lot of practice with in the
previous part of this level does not
make getting practice on the smalls easy
well he's dead you're a winner yeah and
now on to further but but but there's no
more jumping it was sliding in the rest
of the game no thanks god you
know Jesus is Lord